Hello Everyone who loves stickers, Hungry Anonymous Boxing Gentlemen
It's the 18th time.
4 This time, the last two releases in December
Air Duchy 29 ToAnine Nine Series Open up new colors together
I'll do it
Because there are two boxes out of two.
One is October 20th, November 28th, Chan
I have a file called Black Friday to yesterday December 1, I'm
First released yesterday
Let's open them to the guy once.
Let's listen to the sick person.
Be careful 2
Yes.
Check back itguyo also contains larger diameter points Order
29 3g and do not differ from the existing 10-level series
Box doeja error is plus
Double x9 Legendary Blur Black White Legend
And this esco 200cc
Millimapped size
Polished So coming ppakse
It's a digital elephant elephant printing.
I'll try opening it.
I have seen thy coming in possession
He just
3 applications
End Bullen has a little ethics
1 1 3 Very pretty colors
Legend Buller color
He is only a double x9 expression or
We are looking at models together
23 between one side and another side has abandoned
Jordan
Yes. It's a model. Nike Korea. Contrast.
Yeah. It looks pretty clean.
The color is very pretty.
Still do not do it now 5 In Nike Store
There are a number of 2 models on the desk
So , look at this video now.
If you are out there , you can order immediately
The floor is also very clear that the clear
The model is backed
Very pretty when viewed from various angles
It's a shoe.
Then the rest of the model together we will also
Oh , I think it was right here.
This is a very intense color 2 Pride Le 23 colors
Yes
This design is sseudeon 9w kids
If you open 4 boxes, it's only in order confirmation.
Repeat the same box 2 4
Ah
I'll open it.
Well yes very intense colors
I see
Give a red lecture
4 l 2nd tray 9w x9
Inlaid la la infrastructure red color
The product number is No. 5155
623 In Pride 23 White Black
It's a model.
I see very, very very.
The Baton dildo is printed nicely.
5 genuine n large store sales It is such a product that is very prominent
Red four-letter material
It's the Legend Florenthal. Let 's compare it.
There is this difference.
I 'll try to tell you how.
If you translate,
And the negative lead
Red
It is an outsole product.
Oh, not you fed up by now lectures beaut
4 This way ,
Last week and December 1st
I spent a week and a week early in the new 20 words
He also has a new color line with 29 lines
I've been boxing great.
4 Very interesting
It is good that a lot of products
I am the one with this .
I'm going to finish the second four times of Mr. Park.